hello greets you again to Diana
home remedies for the
fluid retention will meet today
6 home remedies for the retention of
liquid remedy number 1 fennel the
diuretic fennel therefore you have ideal
to release the liquids retained in
your body how can you use it alone
place 4 cups with water in a pot and
you add about an ounce of
Fennel let boil for 10 minutes
then remove from heat and take 3 cups
a day starting the first shot in
fasting and the next 15 minutes before
of the food remedy number 2 pineapple the
pineapple acts as a diuretic because of its high
potassium content involved in
the balance of potassium sodium plus
intervenes in the elimination of water from
the cell that also regulates the passage of
the nutrients in the membrane
cell phone you can drink water with pineapple alone
you need a liter with water and a half
to prepare it you are going to chop with a
fork half of the pineapple and you're going to
adding to the container with a liter of
water stir very well and take during
the day should this water for a week
You can also prepare a smoothie
pineapple for it you only need 2 slices
of diced pineapple and place it in the
blender glass add a glass
of water and take this liquefied half an hour
before breakfast for 7 days
remedy number 3 horsetail is very
ideal diuretic to expel access
fluid in your body further
increases urine by up to 30%
a pot four cups with water when the
water I'm seeing add three tablespoons
of horsetail let it boil for
10 minutes and drink three cups a day
remedy number 4 liquefied asparagus and
cucumber itches a small bunch of
Asparagus then washes and peels two cucumbers
star in pieces put them in the glass
of the blender and liquefy after having
liquefied the two cucumbers adds the
asparagus and finally add half a glass
with water liquefies and coals take this
liquefied fasting for seven days remedy
number 5 the parsley is highly recommended
as a natural diuretic that allows you
eliminate liquids in your body
how you get the benefits of this
plant
prepare a parsley smoothie and
Carrot first washes very well
half bunch of parsley and blend with
half a glass of water
on the other hand extract the juice of a
big carrot once you get the
Carrot juice adds the liquefied
parsley and stir take it half an hour
before breakfast remedy number 6
dandelion in a liter and a half of
water placed a dandelion plant
root and leaves before placing it must
wash it very well to remove from the
land once you have the washing left
cook for 10 minutes remove from
fire and you take a rate three times to
day before each meal remedy number
7 the nettle in a cup with boiled water
add two tablespoons of nettle tops and
you let boil for five minutes
spent that time schools and drinks two
You can also implement
also the intake of ginger for
prepare the ginger tea you need
place in
you are two tablespoons of honey
organic three slices of medium ginger
glass of orange juice strawberry and juice
of half a lemon you pour the contents into
a large container and you add a
liter of water leads to the fire and
let boil for 10 minutes
a cup three times a day if the
information that you were listening to in
this video has been useful to you please
give thumb up and share it with a
special person for you who also
have this problem remember that day to
day I'm uploading new videos with
very interesting topics to have access
to my videos you just have to subscribe
to my channel to receive them
It's totally free plus you can leave
your comment that I gladly
I will answer as soon as possible it has been a
real taste to be with you says goodbye
from you your friend Adriana cifuentes
soon